config COMMS
	bool "Comms"
	default y
	help
            Network connectivity modules. Includes CoAP, OIC
            (client/server), HTTP (client), basic network link management.

config NETWORK
	bool "Network"
	default y
	depends on COMMS
	help
            Network library provides a way to handle network link interfaces,
            making it possible to observe events, to inquire available links
            and to set their states.

config COAP
	bool "CoAP"
	default y
	depends on NETWORK
	help
            The Constrained Application Protocol (CoAP) is a
            specialized web transfer protocol for use with constrained
            nodes and constrained (e.g., low-power, lossy) networks.
            The nodes often have 8-bit microcontrollers with small
            amounts of ROM and RAM, while constrained networks such as
            IPv6 over Low-Power Wireless Personal Area Networks
            (6LoWPANs) often have high packet error rates and a
            typical throughput of 10s of kbit/s.  The protocol is
            designed for machine- to-machine (M2M) applications such
            as smart energy and building automation.

            CoAP provides a request/response interaction model between
            application endpoints, supports built-in discovery of
            services and resources, and includes key concepts of the
            Web such as URIs and Internet media types.  CoAP is
            designed to easily interface with HTTP for integration
            with the Web while meeting specialized requirements such
            as multicast support, very low overhead, and simplicity
            for constrained environments.

            It is used by Open Interconnect Consortium (OIC -
            http://openinterconnect.org/)

            See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7252

config OIC
	bool "OIC"
	default y
	depends on COAP
	help
            Implementation of protocol defined by Open Interconnect Consortium
            (OIC - http://openinterconnect.org/)

            It's a common communication framework based on industry standard
            technologies to wirelessly connect and intelligently manage
            the flow of information among devices, regardless of form factor,
            operating system or service provider.

            Both client and server sides are covered by this library.

config HTTP_CLIENT
	bool "HTTP Client"
	default y
	depends on HAVE_LIBCURL && COMMS
	help
            Client API for both HTTP and HTTPS.
